Revise the network section of the hello world (#834)
mirage/mirage-www: data/wiki/hello-world.md

### Step 4: Networking

You built multiple MirageOS unikernels, and at some point you may want them to
communicate with the external world. We use network for that.

Please note this document only explains how to communicate from your host system
to your unikernel. For having your unikernel being able to communicate with the
entire Internet, you will need to setup firewalling
([NAT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_address_translation)).

For MirageOS unikernels running as Unix application, we have the option to use
the host system stack (Unix sockets API). For any other target, we must
use the OCaml network stack. On Unix, we can also use the OCaml network stack
by utilizing a [tuntap](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TUN/TAP) interface.

> All of this can be manipulated via command-line arguments,

Reviewer: This sounds like also the tap interface could be manipulated via command-line arguments to the unikernel. I assume that's not what you mean? What about the following?
```suggestion
Which of the two network stacks to use can be specified via command-line arguments,
```

Or do you mean that you can tell the unikernel the IP of the tap device? If so, what about:
```suggestion
Which of the two network stacks to use can be specified via command-line arguments. Also the IP of your tuntap interface can be passed in as a command-line argument.
```

just as we configured the key-value store in the previous example.  The example in

> the `device-usage/network` directory of `mirage-skeleton` is illustrative:

Reviewer: Side-note: I think it would be very helpful to have a link to that skeleton here, as only very very motivated readers would go to find the skeleton repo and look for the right skeleton. IIUC, those links will be much easier to add once the documentation is an md-book. @patricoferris, is that right?

`mirage configure` - just like the reasonable default provided by
`generic_kv_ro` in the previous example.

> `generic_stackv4v6` attempts to build a sensible network stack on top of
> the physical interface given by `default_network`.

Reviewer: (This was already here before, so it's not directly related to this PR)

For me, "sensible"/"reasonable" is quite similar to "trivial" in the context of maths: Saying that something is "trivial", "sensible" or "reasonable" doesn't add information, it just makes the reader think that they don't understand. Another very good example in that context is the [API documentation of `default_network`](https://github.com/mirage/mirage/blob/main/lib/mirage.mli#L431-L432):
> [default_network] is a dynamic network implementation which attempts to do something reasonable based on the target.

I don't have enough knowledge to explain what a "sensible network stack" is, so the only suggestion I can give is to get rid of the word "sensible":
```suggestion
`generic_stackv4v6` builds a network stack on top of
the physical interface given by `default_network`.
```

hello tcp world
```

> #### Unix with OCaml network stack

Reviewer: Oooh, I see! Now, I get what this section is about :))
